---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_instance_group Data Source - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awx_instance_group (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) Database ID for this instance group.

### Read-Only

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity
- `consumed_capacity` (Number) Consumed capacity
- `credential` (Number) Credential
- `instances` (Number) Instances
- `is_container_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether instances in this group are containerized.Containerized groups have a designated Openshift or Kubernetes cluster.
- `jobs_running` (Number) Jobs running
- `jobs_total` (Number) Count of all jobs that target this instance group
- `max_concurrent_jobs` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent jobs to run on a group. When set to zero, no maximum is enforced.
- `max_forks` (Number) Maximum number of forks to execute concurrently on a group. When set to zero, no maximum is enforced.
- `name` (String) Name of this instance group.
- `percent_capacity_remaining` (Number) Percent capacity remaining
- `pod_spec_override` (String) Pod spec override
- `policy_instance_list` (String) List of exact-match Instances that will be assigned to this group
- `policy_instance_minimum` (Number) Static minimum number of Instances that will be automatically assign to this group when new instances come online.
- `policy_instance_percentage` (Number) Minimum percentage of all instances that will be automatically assigned to this group when new instances come online.
