---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_settings_auth_google_oauth2 Data Source - terraform-provider-awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awx_settings_auth_google_oauth2 (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `social_auth_google_oauth2_auth_extra_arguments` (String) Extra arguments for Google OAuth2 login. You can restrict it to only allow a single domain to authenticate, even if the user is logged in with multple Google accounts. Refer to the documentation for more detail.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_callback_url` (String) Provide this URL as the callback URL for your application as part of your registration process. Refer to the documentation for more detail.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_key` (String) The OAuth2 key from your web application.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_organization_map` (String) Mapping to organization admins/users from social auth accounts. This setting
controls which users are placed into which organizations based on their
username and email address. Configuration details are available in the
documentation.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth2 secret from your web application.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_team_map` (String) Mapping of team members (users) from social auth accounts. Configuration
details are available in the documentation.
- `social_auth_google_oauth2_whitelisted_domains` (List of String) Update this setting to restrict the domains who are allowed to login using Google OAuth2.


