---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_project Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awx_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this project.

### Optional

- `allow_override` (Boolean) Allow changing the SCM branch or revision in a job template that uses this project.
- `credential` (Number) Credential
- `default_environment` (Number) The default execution environment for jobs run using this project.
- `description` (String) Optional description of this project.
- `local_path` (String) Local path (relative to PROJECTS_ROOT) containing playbooks and related files for this project.
- `organization` (Number) The organization used to determine access to this template.
- `scm_branch` (String) Specific branch, tag or commit to checkout.
- `scm_clean` (Boolean) Discard any local changes before syncing the project.
- `scm_delete_on_update` (Boolean) Delete the project before syncing.
- `scm_refspec` (String) For git projects, an additional refspec to fetch.
- `scm_track_submodules` (Boolean) Track submodules latest commits on defined branch.
- `scm_type` (String) Specifies the source control system used to store the project.
- `scm_update_cache_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds after the last project update ran that a new project update will be launched as a job dependency.
- `scm_update_on_launch` (Boolean) Update the project when a job is launched that uses the project.
- `scm_url` (String) The location where the project is stored.
- `signature_validation_credential` (Number) An optional credential used for validating files in the project against unexpected changes.
- `timeout` (Number) The amount of time (in seconds) to run before the task is canceled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Database ID for this project.
