---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_settings_misc_logging Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awx_settings_misc_logging (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_400_error_log_format` (String) The format of logged messages when an API 4XX error occurs, the following variables will be substituted: 
status_code - The HTTP status code of the error
user_name - The user name attempting to use the API
url_path - The URL path to the API endpoint called
remote_addr - The remote address seen for the user
error - The error set by the api endpoint
Variables need to be in the format {<variable name>}.
- `log_aggregator_enabled` (Boolean) Enable sending logs to external log aggregator.
- `log_aggregator_host` (String) Hostname/IP where external logs will be sent to.
- `log_aggregator_individual_facts` (Boolean) If set, system tracking facts will be sent for each package, service, or other item found in a scan, allowing for greater search query granularity. If unset, facts will be sent as a single dictionary, allowing for greater efficiency in fact processing.
- `log_aggregator_level` (String) Level threshold used by log handler. Severities from lowest to highest are DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL. Messages less severe than the threshold will be ignored by log handler. (messages under category awx.anlytics ignore this setting)
- `log_aggregator_loggers` (List of String) List of loggers that will send HTTP logs to the collector, these can include any or all of: 
awx - service logs
activity_stream - activity stream records
job_events - callback data from Ansible job events
system_tracking - facts gathered from scan jobs.
- `log_aggregator_max_disk_usage_gb` (Number) Amount of data to store (in gigabytes) during an outage of the external log aggregator (defaults to 1). Equivalent to the rsyslogd queue.maxdiskspace setting.
- `log_aggregator_max_disk_usage_path` (String) Location to persist logs that should be retried after an outage of the external log aggregator (defaults to /var/lib/awx). Equivalent to the rsyslogd queue.spoolDirectory setting.
- `log_aggregator_password` (String) Password or authentication token for external log aggregator (if required; HTTP/s only).
- `log_aggregator_port` (Number) Port on Logging Aggregator to send logs to (if required and not provided in Logging Aggregator).
- `log_aggregator_protocol` (String) Protocol used to communicate with log aggregator.  HTTPS/HTTP assumes HTTPS unless http:// is explicitly used in the Logging Aggregator hostname.
- `log_aggregator_rsyslogd_debug` (Boolean) Enabled high verbosity debugging for rsyslogd.  Useful for debugging connection issues for external log aggregation.
- `log_aggregator_tcp_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds for a TCP connection to external log aggregator to timeout. Applies to HTTPS and TCP log aggregator protocols.
- `log_aggregator_tower_uuid` (String) Useful to uniquely identify instances.
- `log_aggregator_type` (String) Format messages for the chosen log aggregator.
- `log_aggregator_username` (String) Username for external log aggregator (if required; HTTP/s only).
- `log_aggregator_verify_cert` (Boolean) Flag to control enable/disable of certificate verification when LOG_AGGREGATOR_PROTOCOL is "https". If enabled, the log handler will verify certificate sent by external log aggregator before establishing connection.
