---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_schedule Resource - terraform-provider-awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awx_schedule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this schedule.
- `rrule` (String) A value representing the schedules iCal recurrence rule.
- `unified_job_template` (Number) Unified job template

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description of this schedule.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) Diff mode
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables processing of this schedule.
- `execution_environment` (Number) The container image to be used for execution.
- `extra_data` (String) Extra data
- `forks` (Number) Forks
- `inventory` (Number) Inventory applied as a prompt, assuming job template prompts for inventory
- `job_slice_count` (Number) Job slice count
- `job_tags` (String) Job tags
- `job_type` (String) Job type
- `limit` (String) Limit
- `scm_branch` (String) Scm branch
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tags
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout
- `verbosity` (String) Verbosity

### Read-Only

- `dtend` (String) The last occurrence of the schedule occurs before this time, aftewards the schedule expires.
- `dtstart` (String) The first occurrence of the schedule occurs on or after this time.
- `id` (Number) Database ID for this schedule.
- `next_run` (String) The next time that the scheduled action will run.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone this schedule runs in. This field is extracted from the RRULE. If the timezone in the RRULE is a link to another timezone, the link will be reflected in this field.
- `until` (String) The date this schedule will end. This field is computed from the RRULE. If the schedule does not end an emptry string will be returned
